once again here with you stable
Miguel Ãngel Rocha on this occasion
I bring a little sport is the
file manager elche 2
for our the 19 the only requirement to
have to be able to install it is to be in
gelves since nice cream sanwich no
works
the truth this file manager
It brings many improvements on which
it comes from the factory because as you
they will know then the one that has of factory only
brings the option to access memory
external to the internal memory and the
files that we have online
unlike this the administrator of
files that I'm going to show you
install the one of liquids in our the 9
bring option to manage
independently the files as of
music videos photographs or others
files in addition as the options
typical of online files and access
to memories and an option from those
I liked the fact that we can use it
in the background is to say how
q is light applications on
other images but that we're going to
see later already not to do so
long the first thing they have to do is
download to the next application
as always there is a description is left
the download link this application the
ifai manager then they have to do
is to select the one that appears
will replace the application click on
ok and they give him install as soon as they give him
install the application will close as
can see
they will wait until it turns gray
I know if they caught up to see first I was
black the box and now it went gray
good is that it has gone gray already
we can access again to
file manager and how will they look
we already have the file manager
of angy 2 in our he has 9 the
they really come very full very much
better to the one that comes from the factory as
you can see we are divided the
files in songs images videos
documents and of course access
general to the files as you can see
it still divides us what is the
internal storage with the
external storage what I like
of this application is that it has the
option to use it in the background as
The applications of the coes light is very
easy to do the only thing that we have to
to do is to click on the box and as
can see is put in the background
like the applications of the cv slide
we can equally resized
how to see the transparency
without given case you will not like them and
I would like to understand again the
old administrator the one that comes from
factory then they have to go to their
applications proceed to uninstall the
administrator
once they have uninstalled it they will
find the application that comes installed
to make our 19 on the
application administrator the
they select and they will install the
file manager application
They give install
once it has been installed we will have
again the file manager
which comes from the factory with our enyele
Well, that would be everything but there
liked and see you next